Fc 1146 event sources (#7)
Templum/developers-community: pages/Documents/DeveloperTools/LivePersonFunctions/EventSources/third-party-bots.md

indicator: both
---

Third Party Bots are managed through LivePerson's Conversational Cloud and can be displayed as a human agent or a LivePerson bot. You can leverage it with Functions to build custom integrations with other third party bot provider. Third Party Bots connectors allows you to:

* Send/receive text messages.
* Send structured content.
* Transfer the conversation to other skills.
* Change Time To Response for a messaging conversation.
* Close a conversation.

> There are two types of LivePerson Functions integrations supported by Third Party Bots: **Custom integration** and **Hooks integration**. Please follow the Third Party Bots [Getting Started guide](third-party-bots-getting-started.html) first to complete pre-requisite steps.

Reviewer: Let that check by 3rd party boys. Making sure we covered all details and they should especially look out for any missing information on potential edge-cases

### Bot conversation errors

{: .important}
Please follow the complete guide about [Third Party Bots conversation errors](third-party-bots-bot-conversation-errors.html) for more details and solutions.

These are the errors returned in a bot connector associated with Functions:

<table>
<thead><th>Error</th><th>Description</th></thead>
<tbody>
<tr><td>com.liveperson.bot-connectors-worker.error.aivendor.faas.invoke-lambda</td><td>This indicates an issue during Faas invocation.</td></tr>
<tr><td>com.liveperson.bot-connectors-worker.error.aivendor.faas.missing-response-body</td><td>This happens if there is no response body provided.</td></tr>
<tr><td>com.liveperson.bot-connectors-worker.error.aivendor.faas.failed-hook</td><td>Indicates that the Faas hook could not be invoked.</td></tr>
<tr><td>com.liveperson.bot-connectors-worker.error.aivendor.faas.failed-faas-request</td><td>This indicates an issue during Faas invocation.</td></tr>

> <tr><td>com.liveperson.bot-connectors-worker.error.aivendor.faas.failed-faas-request</td><td>This indicates an issue during Faas invocation.</td></tr>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<tr><td>com.liveperson.bot-connectors-worker.error.aivendor.faas.failed-bot-action</td><td>This indicates an issue during the invocation of an additional Liveperson Function.</td></tr>
<tr><td>com.liveperson.bot-connectors-worker.error.aivendor.faas.testConnection</td><td>>This happens when the Liveperson Function is not responding in time or with a bad status .</td></tr>
<tr><td>com.liveperson.bot-connectors-worker.error.aivendor.faas.parse-message.malformed-alternative-intents</td><td>>This indicates a wrong parsing of alternative intents inside the Liveperson Function .</td></tr>
```

Reviewer 2: Don't know if we go for Faas or Liveperson Function. Please check and align

Reviewer: Liveperson Function is it

indicator: both
---

Third Party Bots are managed through LivePerson's Conversational Cloud and can be displayed as a human agent or a LivePerson bot. You can leverage it with Functions to build custom integrations with other third party bot provider. Third Party Bots connectors allows you to:

* Send/receive text messages.
* Send structured content.
* Transfer the conversation to other skills.
* Change Time To Response for a messaging conversation.
* Close a conversation.

There are two types of LivePerson Functions integrations supported by Third Party Bots: **Custom integration** and **Hooks integration**.

{: .important}

> Please follow the Third Party Bots [Getting Started guide](third-party-bots-getting-started.html) first to complete pre-requisite steps.

Reviewer: No need to have that as important and put it about the above paragraph

In order  to perform the Custom integration with Functions, you need to create a function on **Third-Party Bots Custom Integration** event. Please follow this guide about [Third Party Bots custom integration](third-party-bots-custom-integration.html).

### Hooks integration

You can configure hooks in a bot connector using Functions to modify vendor payloads, responses and read out errors. Pease follow this guide about [Third Party Bots hooks configuration](third-party-bots-hook-configuration.html). These are the following hooks events:

 **Third-Party Bots Error Hook** : Triggered when a bot, which is using the Third-Party Bots' Error Hooks is having an issue.

{: .important}
**Third-Party Bots Error Hook** event won't send back any payload to the bot.

**Third-Party Bots Pre Hook**: Triggered when a bot, which is using the Third-Party Bots' Post Hooks receives a message. The function will be invoked before the vendor receives the payload. The function gets invoked on every message the customer sends. It allows to modify or expand the payload, the vendor receives.

> **Third-Party Bots Post Hook**: Triggered when a bot, which is using the Third-Party Bots' Post Hooks receives a message. The function will be invoked after the vendor responded. The function gets invoked on every message the customer sends. It allows to modify or expand the response of the payload.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
**Third-Party Bots Post Hook**: Triggered when a bot, which is using the Third-Party Bots' Post Hooks receives a message. The function will be invoked after the vendor responded. The function gets invoked on every message the customer sends. It enables you to modify or expand the response of the payload.
```
